Assigned Discussion 1
66 unread replies.66 replies.
Write a post reflecting on what you have learned in the course about the invention and nature of computers, and your conclusions on how the invention of the computer has affected you, the world and our civilization.  It may include or address any or all of the following, but is not limited to them:

I didn't know that!  I was surprised to learn that ...................!  (fill in the blank)

How do computers and computing affect me? 

How has the invention of the transistor manifested itself in my life?

How many computers are within my sight right now? 

How equitable is computing?  Is computing equally available to everyone in my family?  Has it equally benefited them? Or equally harmed them?  How about in my school?  My town, county, state, nation?  My world?

How many transistors are there in my phone?  Am I amazed, surprised, bored to learn that?

Are we slaves to computers, or are they slaves to us?  Or neither?  Or....?

Do I believe it is important to learn about computers and computing?  Should I care?

What do I think a computer program is?

What do I believe it means to program a computer?

What do it believe it means to compute?  Did I understand that before?  Do I understand it now?  Do I understand it differently now?

hink and reflect on and share about what you have learned in this module.


After you have submitted your contribution to the discussion, you will be able to read your classmates' submission.  Do so.  Consider what they have expressed.  Respond to them.

Refer the the grading rubric for this discussion by clicking on the stacked dots (i.e. vertical ellipses) located in the upper right-hand corner of the discussionI,





This quarter the most important thing I feel I have learned is the perspective that a computer is an extension of the mind and should be used as a tool, similar to a bike, to increase our efficiency.

Computers affect me heavily, I use my personal desktop everyday.

The transistor can be seen in every small electronic, and when living in a world where most things are interconnected by these devices, it is hard to not see the benefits of transistors in our everyday lives.

Within my sight there are 11 computers.

I feel computing is very accessible and equitable to most people in the modern world. A large barrier to entry is the price of computers, however, due to a rapidly evolving field outdated machines can provide a similar experience at a fraction of the price as a new machine. I feel computing can be a double edged sword depending on the person who uses it. This is because while a computer can help productivity, it can also easily distract people from their tasks.
Mobile phones are seen all around the globe

~ 460 billion transistors within an average smartphone is quite surprising. Prior to this class I knew that many transistors could be stored in a small place, but I had no idea it was on such a scale as we see.

I do not see a computer as a slave or a master, but as a tool.

I believe it is very important to learn about computing since much of our lives are interconnected by computers.

This class has definitely opened my mind to how a computer should be thought about. Thinking of a computer as an extension of our own mind has changed my perspective on computing as a whole. This in my mind makes a computer a tool that we use with our minds.
I use my personal desktop every day, this class building on my exisiting knowledge has given me a new appreciation for the everyday tasks I perform.
There are 11 computers within my bedroom. Computers surround us everyday, so I feel that we should all take time to learn about them.
I feel that as computing becomes more and more accessible around the world, there is going to be a greater need for people who know exactly how it works and who can write programs. For the time being, many people possess some form of smartphone, and these phones are a powerful computer in themselves.
For the time being, I do not think that we are either a master or a slave to a computer, because we are not controlling a conscious being, usually. Perhaps this will change with the advancement of AI :)
What I found most valuable this module was learning more about different methods within Java, and how they interact with eachother. Getting a method to return a certain variable type has also proved to be very beneficial, however, it is a bit confusing still!





