Think about how humans interact with a computer (meaning interact with a computer program).  Some things to consider:


The way(s) we've studied to interact with a computer program.

Other or better ways to interact with computer program.

How a visually impaired person interacts with a computer program.

How people with other disabilities (maybe they don't hear well, maybe they cannot operate a mouse and/or keyboard) interact with a computer program.

What challenges do you or have you faced in interacting with (i.e. being a user of) a computer program?

Have you ever interacted with a poor (i.e. poorly designed, conceived) computer program?  A good one?

What accommodation(s) have you seen that aid people in interacting with a computer program?


Submit a post addressing these, or other, aspects of providing input for or receiving output from a computer program.



The most common ways to interact with a computer seems to be obviously a mouse and a keyboard. These are two of the most commonly used human input devices. I believe the best way to interact with a computer is by using the keyboard as much as possible, while avoiding the mouse unless needed. I mostly interact with my computers through a command line, other ways I interact with my computers is with drawing tablets, cameras and RFID scanners, as well as automated scripts doing tasks on a schedule with devices like the Raspberry pi.

Techonologies that exist to aid in allowing visually impaired people to interact with computers include: Screen readers, Braille displays, and even tongue interfaces!

An issue I see when interacting with computers is privacy converns when using proprietary software and cross internet tracking.

I have encountered many poorly designed programs, as well as many well designed ones. A few of my favorite programs include: Ranger (Links to an external site.) file manager, Vim (Links to an external site.) text editor, and Tmux (Links to an external site.) terminal emulator.

The most common accomodation that I see within the services that I use is colourblind mode and screenreaders for accomating visually impaired users.

